virustotal/virustotal/dto/ScanInfo.java
 virustotal.virustotal.dto.ScanInfo
discord/Authenticator.java
 discord.Authenticator
 discord.Authenticator$1
virustotal/virustotalv2/VirusTotalConfig.java
 virustotal.virustotalv2.VirusTotalConfig
virustotal/virustotal/dto/VirusScanInfo.java
 virustotal.virustotal.dto.VirusScanInfo
virustotal/virustotal/dto/DomainReport.java
 virustotal.virustotal.dto.DomainReport
discord/Scanners.java
 discord.Scanners
 discord.Scanners$1
virustotal/virustotal/dto/IPAddressReport.java
 virustotal.virustotal.dto.IPAddressReport
virustotal/virustotalv2/VirustotalPublicV2.java
 virustotal.virustotalv2.VirustotalPublicV2
virustotal/net/commons/BasicHTTPRequestImpl.java
 virustotal.net.commons.BasicHTTPRequestImpl
virustotal/virustotal/dto/IPAddressResolution.java
 virustotal.virustotal.dto.IPAddressResolution
virustotal/net/model/Response.java
 virustotal.net.model.Response
virustotal/net/exception/RequestNotComplete.java
 virustotal.net.exception.RequestNotComplete
virustotal/virustotal/dto/URL.java
 virustotal.virustotal.dto.URL
virustotal/net/model/RequestMethod.java
 virustotal.net.model.RequestMethod
virustotal/net/model/FormData.java
 virustotal.net.model.FormData
virustotal/virustotalv2/VirustotalStatus.java
 virustotal.virustotalv2.VirustotalStatus
virustotal/virustotal/exception/InvalidArguentsException.java
 virustotal.virustotal.exception.InvalidArguentsException
discord/Listeners.java
 discord.Listeners
 discord.Listeners$1
virustotal/virustotal/exception/UnauthorizedAccessException.java
 virustotal.virustotal.exception.UnauthorizedAccessException
virustotal/virustotalv2/VirustotalPublicV2Impl.java
 virustotal.virustotalv2.VirustotalPublicV2Impl
virustotal/net/commons/HTTPRequest.java
 virustotal.net.commons.HTTPRequest
virustotal/virustotal/dto/GeneralResponse.java
 virustotal.virustotal.dto.GeneralResponse
discord/Commands.java
 discord.Commands
 discord.Commands$1
virustotal/net/model/MultiPartEntity.java
 virustotal.net.model.MultiPartEntity
virustotal/virustotal/dto/Sample.java
 virustotal.virustotal.dto.Sample
discord/Processes.java
 discord.Processes
 discord.Processes$1
virustotal/net/exception/AuthenticationFailure.java
 virustotal.net.exception.AuthenticationFailure
virustotal/net/model/Header.java
 virustotal.net.model.Header
virustotal/virustotal/dto/DomainResolution.java
 virustotal.virustotal.dto.DomainResolution
virustotal/virustotal/exception/QuotaExceededException.java
 virustotal.virustotal.exception.QuotaExceededException
virustotal/virustotal/exception/APIKeyNotFoundException.java
 virustotal.virustotal.exception.APIKeyNotFoundException
virustotal/net/model/HttpStatus.java
 virustotal.net.model.HttpStatus
virustotal/virustotal/dto/FileScanReport.java
 virustotal.virustotal.dto.FileScanReport
